README.md, before:

# TTT: Translators' Training Tool



## Machine translation made easy for human translators!
TTT is an under development post-editing suite which aims to improve the translators experience with machine translation tools such as moses. It provides the user with a graphical user interface to:

- Work with the moses machine translation pipeline.
- Apply metrics such as BLEU.
- Post-edit the obtained machine translation.



### Authors
- Paula Estrella
- Roxana Lafuente
- Miguel Lemos



### Features
- Portable (Windows / Linux)



### Dependencies

#### Source code

##### On Linux
- MOSES (Install with "--with-mm" and "--install-scripts" flags)

- ######How to install the dependencies on ubuntu:

	- ```sudo apt-get install python gobject```  to install GTK 3.0

	- ```sudo apt-get install gir1.2-webkit-3.0``` to instal WebKit 3.0

	- ```sudo python main.py``` to install pip, if needed to

- Also, you should link /bin/sh to /bin/bash and not to bin dash. To do that:
	- Check the link:
	```
	ls -l /bin/sh
	```
	- If /bin/sh is a link to /bin/dash, change it to /bin/bash.
	```
	sudo mv /bin/sh /bin/sh.orig
	sudo ln -s /bin/bash /bin/sh
	```
This is necessary to use the redirection commands used by MOSES commands.

##### On Windows
- MOSES (Install with "--with-mm" and "--install-scripts" flags)
- Cygwin (only on Windows)
	- the following installer is recommended:
[https://sourceforge.net/projects/pygobjectwin32/files/pygi-aio-3.18.2_rev10-setup_84c21bc2679ff32e73de38cbaa6ef6d30c628ae5.exe/download](https://sourceforge.net/projects/pygobjectwin32/files/pygi-aio-3.18.2_rev10-setup_84c21bc2679ff32e73de38cbaa6ef6d30c628ae5.exe/download)
	- visual installation guide:

	![Screenshot](./installation/windows_guide/GTK.png)

	![Screenshot](./installation/windows_guide/Webkit.png)
	
	- gi (python-gi)
	- gobject (python-gobject)
	- GTK 3.0 ()



#### Binaries (portable)
More details on this soon!



### Status
- Under development



### How to use

#### Source code

##### On Linux
Simply install all dependencies and run:
```
python main.py
```
##### On Windows

Run LXDE or any other X window environment from CygWin. From inside LXDE or your favorite one run:

```
python main.py
```

#### Binaries (portable)
More details on this soon!

Commit message:

Added different tips for the installation on Windows to compile from source, and the installation on Windows using Cygwin. We currently have no support for the use of MOSES on Windows without Cygwin, so it seems like a bad idea to post that as an option. To be discussed.

README.md, after:

# TTT: Translators' Training Tool



## Machine translation made easy for human translators!
TTT is an under development post-editing suite which aims to improve the translators experience with machine translation tools such as moses. It provides the user with a graphical user interface to:

- Work with the moses machine translation pipeline.
- Apply metrics such as BLEU.
- Post-edit the obtained machine translation.



### Authors
- Paula Estrella
- Roxana Lafuente
- Miguel Lemos



### Features
- Portable (Windows / Linux)



### Dependencies

#### Source code

##### On Linux
- MOSES (Install with "--with-mm" and "--install-scripts" flags)

- ######How to install the dependencies on ubuntu:

	- ```sudo apt-get install python gobject```  to install GTK 3.0

	- ```sudo apt-get install gir1.2-webkit-3.0``` to instal WebKit 3.0

	- ```sudo python main.py``` to install pip, if needed to

- Also, you should link /bin/sh to /bin/bash and not to bin dash. To do that:
	- Check the link:
	```
	ls -l /bin/sh
	```
	- If /bin/sh is a link to /bin/dash, change it to /bin/bash.
	```
	sudo mv /bin/sh /bin/sh.orig
	sudo ln -s /bin/bash /bin/sh
	```
This is necessary to use the redirection commands used by MOSES commands.

##### On Windows
- MOSES (Install with "--with-mm" and "--install-scripts" flags)
	- the following installer is recommended:
[https://sourceforge.net/projects/pygobjectwin32/files/pygi-aio-3.18.2_rev10-setup_84c21bc2679ff32e73de38cbaa6ef6d30c628ae5.exe/download](https://sourceforge.net/projects/pygobjectwin32/files/pygi-aio-3.18.2_rev10-setup_84c21bc2679ff32e73de38cbaa6ef6d30c628ae5.exe/download)
	- visual installation guide:

	![Screenshot](./installation/windows_guide/GTK.png)

	![Screenshot](./installation/windows_guide/Webkit.png)

	##### On Windows using Cygwin
	- MOSES (Install with "--with-mm" and "--install-scripts" flags)
	- To install Cygwin and its dependencies run
	```
	python cygwin_install.py
	```




#### Binaries (portable)
More details on this soon!



### Status
- Under development



### How to use

#### Source code

##### On Linux
Simply install all dependencies and run:
```
python main.py
```
##### On Windows

Run LXDE or any other X window environment from CygWin. From inside LXDE or your favorite one run:

```
python main.py
```

#### Binaries (portable)
More details on this soon!
